Assignment #1        NO LATE ASSIGNMENTS ACCEPTED PLEASE.     
DUE 11 pm                  

Generally I will run your Java program on jGrasp with Windows.
You must use SSH to ftp your code 
to Osprey so that you can use turnin (see #5 below).  


Any Java program that you turn in will always be in a single file named unfid.java where unfid
is YOUR unf id.  So , I would name my file n00009873.java . This implies that the name of the class 
containing main 
must be n00009873.  So in this program you must change HighArray.java to unfid.java and ALSO 
rename the class HighArrayApp to unfid (always pay attention to capitalization).

So , in general, my class containing main will be named n00009873
and the file containing all my classes will be named n00009873.java


1.	log on to osprey using ssh.
2.	change your password (if you like!)
        $ passwd 

3.	Construct program 2.1 on page 76 of the book but you are going to write a getMin() 
        method also.
	Make the last four lines of code:
          
	y=arr.getMax(); /*this should work with any data set not just the data he has.
                      I will modify the data in your code to test it with several
                      data sets. You should declare any variables like y and z that you need.
                      The data might be all postive, all negative, or a mixture. But
                      it will alwasy consists of ints, including possibly the int 0 */

	System.out.println(y);
        z=arr.getMin();
        System.out.println(z); 

	All of the source code should be in a single file , named unfid.java
	So my file would be named n00009873.java
	I need you to name your file unfid.java because
	turnin (see #5 below) renames your turned in file to unfid, where unfid is YOUR 
	unf id and I 
	want an easy way to simply  rename your turned in file back to unfid.java (!!!).
	I know this is convoluted, but I don't want you to use disks to turn in assignments.
	I want you to use turnin on Osprey.

4.      Compile the program using jGrasp to test it and then transfer that file to osprey.unf.edu
        using ssh.

5.	turnin an electronic version of "unfid.java" using
	$ turnin unfid.java  kmartin.cop3530.a1

	When I get it , the system renames it unfid (YOUR unfid).

6.	check to see if the size of the file you saved is the same as the size
        of the file turned in

	$ turnin -c kmartin.cop3530.a1  (this is a-one, not a-ell) 
        (tells you how many bytes you have turned in--check against how
        many you have saved) 
    	$ ls -l
        (list with long option)
 
Generally, I will compile your file  and then run it.  You should
do the same on Osprey or using jGrasp on Windows to make sure you have done everything properly.

NEVER turnin ANY BINARY CODE IN THIS CLASS.  NO LATE ASSIGNMENTS ACCEPTED..GET IT DONE 
EARLY!
DO NOT USE shar for this assignment. Just turnin a single .java file.